Fix layout chart documentation: add invert axis explanation and image (Fixes #10761) (#10945)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/user_manual/print_layout/layout_items/layout_chart.rst

Modify the chart through the :guilabel:`Modify Chart Properties...` button.
Depending on the selected type, available options may vary.

> The :guilabel:`Invert Axis` option allows reversing the direction of the X or Y axis

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :guilabel:`Flip axes` option allows reversing the direction of the X or Y axis
```
